-- Add POC Template Algorand Web3 Masterclasses main repo
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Ganainmtech/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool

-- Add forks
repadd Algorand https://github.com/AbdulMoiz07/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/amaraLayla/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Bobslaw/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/drewervin/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/GorgeousRoy/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Ifeanyiuche98/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/jannatxsaeed/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/julieo776/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/LARRYCAN/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/mabaidzaid/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Macka1987/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Mikerniker/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/mirzasreza/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/mtumbaYA/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/olivestrings/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Pulgan-Daron/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Rodo1104/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/SaraJaneKenny/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/thosmos/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/toxictoxic321/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/Work-holic-Ignites/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
repadd Algorand https://github.com/wowglobal/POC-Template-Algorand-Web3-Masterclasses #developer-tool
